Joey Raya: Hello, how are you
I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, this won't take us very long, but we've got to complete your bio psychosocial
Joey Raya: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to ask you just a series of questions. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, what brings you to bright heart and and why now.
Joey Raya: Um, I needed a pain management because
Joey Raya: The medication that I'm currently on my pain management doctor that I had wasn't able to prescribe it on a consistent basis.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What was the precipitating event for your pain.
Joey Raya: And I have idiopathic chronic pancreatitis. Mm hmm. And it started in November of 2018 and so that's when it started, but we don't know what's causing it. And it's just progressively been getting worse and
Joey Raya: So I have
Joey Raya: Sent all my labs and stuff to the Cedars Sinai Hospital up in LA to their pancreatic and by Larry center.
Joey Raya: To get an appointment with them to try and figure out what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any substance abuse. History
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No substance. What about any past treatment or any mental health diagnosis.
Joey Raya: No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any past suicide attempts.
Joey Raya: Yes, one about
Joey Raya: Maybe 12 years ago after my divorce.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any current thoughts in the last two weeks or last month.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No okay me any homicide attempt
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay.
Joey Raya: I'm sorry, I find it funny that you have to ask that, but I understand.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any past self harm cutting and burning, that kind of stuff. Okay. Um, can you tell me a little bit about your family dynamic that you grew up in. And did your parents stay together. Do you have siblings, that kind of stuff.
Joey Raya: My parents divorced when I was, I think, five. Yeah, I was five.
Joey Raya: It was at live with my mom, I had a sister from the same dad. And then my mom remarried.
Joey Raya: They had one child.
Joey Raya: And so, went to see my dad every other weekend. I had a great childhood. My parents were, you know, I mean standard parents
Joey Raya: You know, it was kind of your stereotypical
Joey Raya: You know, split family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm. Um, any mental health or substance abuse and your family unit.
Joey Raya: My, my biological father substance abuse with cocaine, I believe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'm in a military history for you.
Joey Raya: Know enough for me now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so moving back a little bit further to when you went to school. What was it like going to school for you.
Joey Raya: High school or just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In general, all
Joey Raya: It was it was fine. You know, I had friends.
Joey Raya: I, you know, kind of had the standard amount of bullying, you know, um,
Joey Raya: You know I never got in trouble. You know, it was, it was great, actually, I had a I had a great time at school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you graduate.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Did you go on to college.
Joey Raya: Yes, I did. I originally, I wanted to teach music
Joey Raya: Uh huh. And I found I didn't have the patience.
Joey Raya: To teach
Joey Raya: A large group of students. MUSIC So I ended up going into TMS. And so that's kind of what I, that's what I do now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past legal history.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No. Okay. Um, any financial stressors for you right now.
Joey Raya: Um, yeah, I'm currently unemployed and on unemployment right now. But so, of course, that's a financial stress. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Is there anything that you think is important that we need to know about you that I haven't touched on through this whole thing.
Joey Raya: Nothing I can really think of offhand.
Joey Raya: You know it's despite the longevity of my illness. I'm actually I've been feeling better. Last week I went to Disneyland and
Joey Raya: I didn't use a little cart.
Joey Raya: At all. You know that because the time before that I did use a cart. But this time I didn't, you know, we were there for about 10 hours, you know, and it wasn't terrible
That's good.
Joey Raya: And
Joey Raya: So it's a
Joey Raya: It's been getting better, but I just want to get. I want to get it fixed and figure out what it is.
Joey Raya: That way, you know, I can go back to work, because I have to be 100% when I go back to work, you know, and I've lost almost 80 pounds.
Joey Raya: And not just not just fat but but muscle mass as well, you know, and in fact, just real quick. So I play. I still play music I'm in a band and
Joey Raya: We were at our studio on Sunday rehearsing and after rehearsal, we were hanging out talking outside and there happened to be a car accident right there.
Joey Raya: And so I went over to help. And, you know, the police came and you know I ended up, you know, helping the police there you know extricate the guy from the car and
Joey Raya: Got them all settled, and then the fire department showed up and and you know I handed it off and came back, but it was just, it was, you know, I realized that I need to get my my strength back. And so I need to also figure out a
Joey Raya: Nutrition regiment. In order to do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any past childhood trauma any
Joey Raya: Yeah, when I was 16 I was
Joey Raya: Kidnapped slash carjacked type of thing.
Joey Raya: And held for about, about three to four hours and then released it was in the it was a gang member
Joey Raya: You know, long story short,
Joey Raya: You know they he picked us up at knifepoint I was with a friend of mine. They drove us. He made us drive around
Joey Raya: You know, went to the ATM went to my friend's house and took computer parts and you know cameras and stuff and
Joey Raya: Went to a parking lot went through the stuff gave back what he didn't want. Drove us around and then pulled into some dark alley.
Joey Raya: And whistled a bunch of dudes came out he got out of the car pointed down the alley said drive that way. Turn right and you'll be at this street and that was pretty much at
Joey Raya: The cops never found anybody in fact they accused us of
Joey Raya: Taking this stuff and making up the story.
Joey Raya: So, but, um, you know, it's made me a little bit more aware of my surroundings. Now, and
Joey Raya: I mean it's it's pretty traumatic and
Joey Raya: I don't, I'm not really sure how it affects me now, to be honest. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, any
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: childhood abuse. I don't know. No. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what is it that you would like to get out of working with bright heart besides pain management. Are there issues that you would like to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work on personal issues.
Joey Raya: Nothing I can think of offhand. I mean, I have, you know, self esteem issues, but I think you know that's something everybody everybody deals with
Joey Raya: But, but mainly I came to bright heart for for the pain management and to be quite honest, I'm a little blown away with how
Joey Raya: What's the word I want to say interactive, for lack of a better term, but
Joey Raya: You know I'm, you know, speaking with you. I had a group session. You know, I saw one doctor here I have an appointment with a different doctor to talk to and
Joey Raya: It's really nice to to see that hands on. There it is.
The hands on approach.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, at in the comfort of your own home to that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: About it, you know, you don't have to fight traffic or anything else.
Joey Raya: Real, real quick. I'm sorry, I meant to tell you this before we get started.
Joey Raya: I have a dentist appointment at 230 and the office is about 10 minutes away and
Joey Raya: I just wanted to
Joey Raya: Give you a heads up and I forgot to do that. So I apologize.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, it's okay, we, you know, all the questions on the, on the, on your history have already done so, you know, we actually are done with that piece.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just asking you what it is if there's anything that you want to work on. Personally, I would find out who your therapist is if you have one assigned and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you're going to engage in therapy sessions with them, or if you're just going to work with a doctor and be in the group there you know group check in weekly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good that they're connecting you up with the doctor so fast.
Joey Raya: You know, yeah. Yeah, it was great. I
Joey Raya: Actually, I ended up in the emergency room and
Joey Raya: You know I told the ER doctor there. I said, you know, this is the medication. I'm on and you know I can't find everybody that that is prescribing, it is prescribing it for for opiate
Joey Raya: Withdrawal and and that's not when I'm taking it foreign team for actual pain management. So I guess there's a special licensure.
Joey Raya: Here in California for that.
Joey Raya: And so I was unable to find anybody around me.
Joey Raya: That was able to do that for me. And so when I spoke to the ER doctor he recommended you guys and you guys have been wonderful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome, awesome. What what area do you live in.
Joey Raya: I live in Orange County, California.
Oh ok so I
Joey Raya: Like
Joey Raya: I'm in the county south of La
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Joey Raya: Yeah, I'm about an hour and 15 minutes from him from LA. Okay.
Um,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I'm in Sacramento. I could definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know some doctors here, but I think that our doctors that we have with bright heart and I could be biased.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I think that they are exceptional and what they do and can definitely gear you in, you know, the right direction on where to get the best help
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, definitely. How has the medication been helping so far since you've been on it with bright heart.
Joey Raya: It's been, it's been great, actually, he
Joey Raya: The doctor. I've been working with actually bumped it up.
Joey Raya: To milligrams and it's made just a huge difference. And, you know, and I was thinking two milligrams, that's you know it doesn't seem like very much but
Joey Raya: You know I'm forgetting about the physiology of of everything and the delivery system and all that kind of stuff. So, but no, it's been it's been great. My only concern and I think I have an appointment with him.
Joey Raya: I think next week. On Tuesday, or might be tomorrow. I don't know. I have like multiple appointments and I can't keep track of who its way ahead.
Joey Raya: About say taken in the morning I but about see
Joey Raya: Maybe 334 O'clock ish and the pain starts to kind of
Joey Raya: Kind of do again and my medication is only a twice a day thing. So what I've been doing is
Joey Raya: taking the medication around that time.
Joey Raya: And then by the time it wears off again I'm asleep, and then when I get up in the morning. I just take it again. So I just going, I'm going to talk to him and see if there's a way to
Joey Raya: Extend it so I don't have that period where the pain kind of bumps up a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea. Definitely. Because the idea is to for you to be able to function without having all of that pain. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, we are done.
Joey Raya: Wonderful.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you so much for being such a willing participant and forthcoming with your information. I appreciate it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It definitely gives the doctors, you know, a little bit of a history and a with your where you're at, what you're doing and where you've been and what you've gone through so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's important. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will let you go and do you have a great day. Enjoy your dentist appointment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I say that, like, yeah, because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that's not enjoyable, but
Joey Raya: I know, yeah. The problem is as well. Just real quick, so I'm a smoker and I've been really good with keeping the stains away in
Joey Raya: Because I've had the pancreatitis for so long. I haven't lost so much weight.
Joey Raya: My wife thinks it's malnutrition and so my to one of my tooth have has stained significantly
Joey Raya: And it over a period of like two or three days.
Joey Raya: And yeah, and we're having our wedding ceremony and our whole hoopla and everything.
Joey Raya: On on April 4 and so of course there's going to be pictures and everything and I can't be walking around with one white tooth, you know, and then another one that looks like a paper bag.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What do you do for take keep the signs up your teeth.
Joey Raya: I just regular brushing and when I do smoke. I actually will bite the butt. So the smoke is beyond the facial of my teeth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Joey Raya: So that helps it to. And then, you know, just normal teeth care and then every once in a while I'll do the whitening strips.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. That's good information there. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's where I will
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will let you go. You have a great
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Day and we will talk to you later. Thank you.
Joey Raya: Thank you. Bye bye.